Hardcore G shit, homie, I don't play around
Ain't shit sweet bout the peach -- this Atlanta, clown
Home of the dealers and the strippers and the clubs, though

Catch you coming out that Magic City with a snub, ho
Lurking in the club on tourist motherfuckers
Welcome to Atlanta, up your jewelry, motherfucker!
These monkey niggas looking for some Luda and Jermaine
And all a nigga found was a Ruger and some pain
Pow, motherfucker, pow! Come up off the chain
Pow, motherfucker, pow! One off in the brain
We some money-hungry wolves, and we down to eat the rich
Your bodyguard ain't shit, we strip him like a stripper bitch
These real-ass killers move in silence with violence
The minute it set off, we the motherfucking wildest
How you from Atlanta that they never speak upon
Where everybody got a sack of dope and a gun

And you know just how it go
We ain't playing round with that bullshit
Nigga, we ain't let that shit go
When you come here, you better come correct
This real G shit, you gotta show respect

Once upon a time in the projects
An O.G. saw a young Bun B as a prospect
Thought that I would understand the streets from a very young age
So he opened up the G code to the front page
He sat me on the porch, said, "This where little dogs sit"
Pointed at the yard, said, "That's where big dogs shit"
He said, "Don't leave til your ass get growed
And don't come back til your ass get throwed
Whatever you want is whatever you can have
Bring the pain and leave em wet, like they soaking in some salve
When you step out on the ave, make sure they wanna see ya
Cause being trill is an onomatopoeia
Be about it like a G, a hater wanna catch you slipping
Try to be a Jordan, but settle for a Pippen"
Player, I ain't even tripping, but I don't really care
Cause my pistol's in your face, so put your hands in the air

And you know just how it go
We ain't playing round with that bullshit
Nigga, we ain't let that shit go
When you come here, you better come correct
This real G shit, you gotta show respect

In a six, I'm riding with a pistol grip, banana clip
From Simpson Road to Adamsville, I'm repping this Atlanta shit
Nigga trying to handle up, let's see can they handle this
A hundred round at em, that ain't no Louisiana shit
Drinking on that Hennessey, blowing on that cannabis
Amerikkka's nightmare, trap nigga fantasy
A record full of felonies, searching for a better me
But choppers go off in my hood like Iraq, Cuba, Tel Aviv
Pretty nigga, let him be, fuck him, shorty
Sucker nigga I'll never be, don't give a fuck about it
Quick to round up on that Audi, make em get the fuck up out it
Nigga better be about it, he deserve it he allow it
What's a coward to a kamikaze?
He ain't robbed a man, ain't predator or prey; the law of nature where I stay
I catch you slipping with that K, ain't no illusion, no confusion
Better come up off that cake and all that jewelry or you're snoozing

And you know just how it go
We ain't playing round with that bullshit
Nigga, we ain't let that shit go
When you come here, you better come correct
This real G shit, you gotta show respect

Wha-da-da-dang, wha-da-da-da-da-dang
Listen to my clip before that five go bang
Bang bang, guap time, rep game
We the readers of the books and the leaders of the crooks
Predators, we eyeballing all of y'all lames
Let me fall off, I'm taking all of y'all chains
All of y'all watches and all of y'all cars
Well, who you talking to? All of y'all stars
All of y'all rappers and producers and such
No homo promo, homie, you might get your ass touched
Like Def Jam circa '83, you get rushed
If you rolling with some winners, then you rolling with us
I know some dope country niggas, but them niggas ain't weak
Know they dressing looking hard, but them niggas ain't cheap
I don't make dance music, this is R.A.P
Opposite of the sucker shit they play on T.V

And you know just how it go
We ain't playing round with that bullshit
Nigga, we ain't let that shit go
When you come here, you better come correct
This real G shit, you gotta show respect
You, you, you
You are witnessing elegance in the form of a black elephant

Smoking white rhino on terraces
Will I die slain like my king by a terrorist?
Will my woman be Coretta, take my name and cherish it?
Or will she Jackie O, drop the Kennedy, re-marry it?
My sister say it's necessary on some Cleopatra shit,
My grandmama said nope, never, that it's sacrilege.
Tend to agree because the thought is so disparaging
The Lord give a load, you got to carry it like Mary did
That's why I'm giving honor to all these baby mommas
It takes a woman's womb to make a Christ or Dalai Lama.
The world might take that child, turn that child into a monster
The Lord'll take a monster and fashion him a saint.
I present you Malcolm X for those who saying that He can't
Saying that He won't, when I know He will!
You usually don't know it's you until you getting killed
For real.

[Hook: Scar]
Dear Lord, have mercy!
On your once forgotten life like it's a game, We love
I won't be forced to shut up when I don't feel the same,
Cause people gonna lie,
Some people gonna steal
You gotta be careful not to shit where you live.
Them people might try to have you killed,
Lord have mercy, life is such a battlefield,
For real.

[Verse 2: Killer Mike]
I ain't never gave a fuck
I never did and never will
Live my life on press appeal
Keep it true, keep it real
Better said, I keep it trill
And no matter who don't like it, homie
That's just how it is
Naked truth like the stripper that's in front of me
And I keep a blunt and a 5-11 gun on me
Why? Cause I'm country-bred
Actually, I'm south-er-ern
Something like my brethren
The legendary Andre 3K, Cee Lo, Goodie, and some other men
You should pay some homage, it's an honor this
This is not a fiction that is sold by conglomerates
This is Soul of Black Folks mixed with Donald Goines shit
Better said, Robert Beck, esoteric I could get
This is John Gotti painting pictures like Dali
This is Basquiat with a passion like Pac
In a body like Biggie, telling stories like Ricky
If a rapper was to spar, please tell him better kick it
You with me?

[Hook]
Dear Lord, have mercy!
On your once forgotten life like it's a game, We love
I won't be forced to shut up when I don't feel the same,
Cause people gonna lie,
Some people gonna steal
You gotta be careful not to shit where you live.
Them people might try to have you killed,
Lord have mercy, life is such a battlefield,
For real.

[Killer Mike]
I don't trust the church or the government
Democrat, Republican
Pope or a bishop or them other men
And I believe God has sustained you with rap
So I pick a burning bush, put it in a Swisher wrap
And they can't kill a G, I seen how I die
I'm only going once, a coward dies a thousand times
And to that chariot come and take a nigga home
I'mma spit this ghetto gospel over all these gutter songs
I'm gone
Yeah, still Killa Kill from the ville
With a flow so cold it'll froze your nose
Something like the blow did in the 90's

When I sold to the geeked out hoes
Must be the reason my flow so dope
Not dope meaning mean coke but dope meaning dope
What's that Killa? Y'all niggas don't know?
So School's in session, let's go
Dope shit get you 75 a brick that bullshit
Coke just gets you 24
Like my nigga told y'all niggas back in '96
The difference between a 4.0 and a 4.6
And you're on my dick
Get up off the dolo draws
Y'all ain't seen a rapper this cold 186 since above the law
Nigga with an attitude like Eazy, Ren, Dre and young O'Shea
Fuck that punk ass Glock he got on the block
I'm gonna hit him with the K
Have a nigga singing like Michel'Le
Have a nigga missing like JJ Fad
Beat a nigga dead like JJ dad
Damn damn James! Why you make me mad?
I go ham
The gun go blam
I go stupid oh my God
Shumalumadumalumashmalumaduma
even when I ain't saying shit
Got AK word play might put a pause in you life just like a comma bitch!
Let everyone know that the bad got bad's back
And he got a gun and he's dressed in black
Terrorist flow I'm ready to attack
Bombs over Baghdad yes Iraq and Iran
The motherfucking man with the motherfucking plan
Sitting with the strap on my motherfucking lap
I put the shit to your motherfucking naps
38. snub to your Nap' ass dome
I can get you straight like a pressing comb
I go ape straight King Kong
Y'all monkey-ass-niggas better leave me alone
I'm a gorilla so I get realer
I spit hot fire retro Godzilla
Homicide maniac brainiac
Sipping on a pint of 'yac
I'm Killer killer killer killer killer killer
These many shows in these many days
Had these many bricks got these many paid
That's 1, 1, 2 in these many ways
Indeed I say the opposite of living in need
I say is greed they say
I say no way fuck get money
Stack your hundreds alright ok? Go!
Going to the polo . oh oh Lean try that got away with the words he can rap Respect my ways …ain’t no run through the city To the meanest machine ain’t no . sleep I am back on your …ain’t no run through the city To the meanest machine ain’t no . sleep I am back on your So fresh so clean word on the scream are so sweet I can top off on that I live I … feel me I will be So please don’t try me I am still in the company of . enjoy M Maxine relaxing chilling double stocking … try to see what is at me This two young ladies is the reason all day I dream about They are sexy I can call you … enter to a room with a lot of . some money What you have been doing . nothing hanging . …ain’t no run through the city To the meanest machine ain’t no . sleep I am back on your …ain’t no run through the city To the meanest machine ain’t no . sleep I am back on your More way Rolex treat me no flex rolling I marry a . pretty as a single Fine as a stripper Stripper try to tip her I don’t want no dance Get off my wiper You ain’t try to rip me If you ain’t try to rip off Bitch we are . we don’t need no new . I rap a lot about you bitch that country … I reset of . that is some education I often play that cool . bring . respect was hard to earn …ain’t no run through the city To the meanest machine ain’t no . sleep I am back on your …ain’t no run through the city To the meanest machine ain’t no . sleep I am back on your …ain’t no run through the city To the meanest machine ain’t no . sleep I am back on your

This album was created entirely by Jaime and Mike My man JoJo got a caught on fed photo So he gotta get out of Atlanta hit SoHo Baby mama say he been selfish, he like "so ho?" Then he picked up the cell phone called his old ho She took him to the airport, hit him with some bread Parked in the deck, then hit him with some head Hit the counter with the fake ID and the ticket The old man little suspicious but he hit him with a fifty Hit him with a hundred, hit him with the "Shhh..." The old man stamped the ticket and he went like "Shhh..." Then he hit him with the smile, and he hit him with the wink And JoJo hit the bathroom, JoJo hit the sink Cold water, had to splash on the face His iPod pumping Snoop "Murder was the Case" Oh shit, looked to his left, Ghostface "Peace God, Peace God, where's Shallah Rae?" "Think he had show down in M.I.A today" Ghost told him "nice Wallies" then went out on his way Now it's back to reality, reality say: Still gotta make it to that side of the gate He moves out the bathroom quickly with haste And it's a long line, it's a while before the gates And it's an old lady giving Jo the evil eye Mad cause she see him cutting spaces in line Back in line JoJo spot Ivy Girl from the hood that he knew from NYC TSA agent so she cleared him on the ID Before he go through X-ray he taking off his shades Taking off his jacket, arm out the sleeve Reached in his pocket, oh shit got weed He done made it this far, whats Jo to do? So he stuffed it in his pocket And he walked right through (He walked right through?) He walked right through Then the TSA agent say "She pointing at you." The old lady that had seen Jo cut line Went to a officer and tried to drop dime But Ivy wasn't having that, stepped to the copper Told him that the old lady's ID wasn't proper Now the old lady getting treated like a terrorist Cop got his hand where her grey pubic hair it is After this though she gonna have to see a therapist JoJo found the situation hilarious Threw the old lady's deuces, heading to the train Concourse A, headed to his plane Arrived on time, they called the first class Upgraded ticket took a little more cash Jo's relieved, hes almost free Can't wait to land in the NYC Seat belts on, seat back up Triple shot of Seagram's in JoJo's cup A little too much he felt the stewardess up She said "Stop, sir!", he looks like "What?" Gave a big tip then he headed to the bathroom When he got there told her "Hey, it has room" Turned the bathroom into a smashroom She was hitting lines he was hitting from behind Look up in the mirror saw Ghost another time "Peace god, pardon god, I ain't see ya Wis' Lean toward the mirror cause I gotta talk biz" Ghostface told him only 20 to LaGuardia When you get there a car take you to Astoria You don't want the alphabet boys on call So tell the stewardess to make a wheelchair call Wheelchair came, deboard plane Jojo couple old folks and they canes Exiting the door he seen a dog walking slow Couldn't dump the weed, nowhere to go Turns out the dog sniffed out that blow Good thing the stewardess a cokehead ho Cause they bumrushed the bitch And threw her ass to the flo' Jo told the wheelchair boy "Let's go!" And Jo got away that's how the story go
Our government has a firm policy not to capitulate to terrorist demands. That no-concessions policy remains in force, despite the wildly speculative and false stories about arms for hostages and alleged ransom payments, we did not, repeat, did not trade weapons or anything else for hostages, nor will we The ballot or the bullet , some freedom or some bullshit Will we ever do it big, or keep just settling for little shit We brag on having bread, but none of us are bakers We all talk having greens, but none of us own acres If none of us on acres, and none of us grow wheat Then who will feed our people when our people need to eat So it seems our people starve from lack of understanding Cos all we seem to give them is some balling and some dancing And some talking about our car and imaginary mansions We should be indited for bullshit we inciting Hand the children death and pretend that its exciting We are advertisements for agony and pain We exploit the youth, we tell them to join a gang We tell them dope stories, introduce them to the game Just like Oliver North introduced us to cocaine In the 80s when the bricks came on military planes A few months ago I told the american people I did not trade arms for hostages. My heart and my best intentions still tell me that's true, but the facts and the evidence tell me it is not The end of the Reagan Era, I'm like number twelver Old enough to understand the shit'll change forever They declared the war on drugs like a war on terror But it really did was let the police terrorize whoever But mostly black boys , but they would call us "niggers" And lay us on our belly, while they fingers on they triggers They boots was on our head, they dogs was on our crotches And they would beat us up if we had diamonds on our watches And they would take our drugs and money, as they pick our pockets I guess that that's the privilege of policing for some profit But thanks to Reaganomics, prisons turned to profits Cos free labor is the cornerstone of US economics Cos slavery was abolished, unless you are in prison You think I am bullshitting, then read the 13th Amendment Involuntary servitude and slavery it prohibits That's why they giving drug offenders time in double digits Ronald Reagan was an actor, not at all a factor Just an employee of the country's real masters Just like the Bushes, Clinton and Obama Just another talking head telling lies on teleprompters If you don't believe the theory, then argue with this logic Why did Reagan and Obama both go after Qaddafi We invaded sovereign soil, going after oil Taking countries is a hobby paid for by the oil lobby Same as in Iraq, and Afghanistan And Ahmadinejad say they coming for Iran They only love the rich, and how they loathe the poor If I say any more they might be at my door Who the fuck is that staring in my window Doing that surveillance on Mister Michael Render I'm dropping off the grid before they pump the lead I leave you with four words: I'm glad Reagan dead
I woke up this morning to a cop with a
Who told me that he looking for a n! gga on the run
I thought for a second and I screwed my

And asked the dirty pig “Why the f*ck you in my place?”
He said “Chill or we kill, this is a warning”
Then I told him “fuck you, Where is the warrant?”
Then they got to punchin’ and kickin’ and macin’
Then the Whole situation went Larry Davis
Thinking ’bout my lady and thinking ’bout my baby
Thinking “these two motherfucking pigs going crazy”
They wanna kill a n! gga ’cause a nigga on this rap shit
Wanna leave me dead on a mattress, Hampton
I’m a Public Enemy because I’m Cold Lampin’
And I don’t give a f*ck about a party in The Hamptons
And I don’t give a f*ck about a motherf*ckin’ Forbes List
Far as I’m concerned, that’s a motherfucking whores list
Motherf*cker, my dad was a cop
You don’t think I know a dirty ass cop when I see one?
Shake down, take down, disrespecting-the-badge-ass-bitch!
Back to the scene going wild in the bedroom
Grab the cop’s gun left from leaking with a head wound
Second cop shot, but the bullet hit his partner
Shot him in the leg and he hit him in the arter(y)
Now the dirty cop’s looking at me
Talking ’bout he kill a n! gga if I try to flee
Shit, I’m about to loose it, so he gon’ have to prove it
All because the government hate rap music
I’ve been labeled outlaw, renegade, villain
So is Martin King, so the system had to kill him
A nigga with an attitude, the world gotta feel him
attempt
If I gotta kill a cop just to get out the building
That m*therfucker didn’t, left dead, no feelings
Yelling “F*ck him” as I buck A 45 at his fillings
Trying to knock his brains through the motherf*cking ceiling
When I surface on the streets I can hear the crowd yelling
And see the neighborhood snitches pointing and telling
I’m bailing like a felon or Assata Shakur
Before the law leave me stinking like a bag of manure
Like Jeriko One in the movie ‘Strange Days’
They want a nigga dead ’cause the things that I say
Might make the youth go and pick up an AK
Tell the government “Fuck you, no way”
Like John Connor mama I be running everyday
‘Cause if I get caught it’s my life they terminate
Or stick me in a cell on Guantanamo Bay
All because a n! gga won't sit in and obey
I’ll be an outlaw before I ever behave
And die a free man before I live like a slave
Nothing changes, if they catch me today
“F*ck the police” is still all I gotta say
And I'm seeking on the edge of my beer holding my head
Tryin to make this stake like a baker
My mama said hustle and dust come with faith

Time do the crown you'd better be prepared
For what calms with it the killer they call conviction
Snoring bitches just snitches often to get it quit it
While the real set the queeze it, why the way why they live it
And all because I say dope shit they on a mission
Then nail my black answer the wall with a conviction
I pray the law he hear me but really law is ya listen'n
Praying when I'm in trouble I'm speaking in forked tongue
I say I'm out the game but I'm flinching like George Jung
I must be in the clutches of satan it's all warm
My mama took you to the "root lady" to read my palm
She puts beads on my neck saying they protecting me from harm
But fuck this old witch, I went and got a gun
Oh Lord, Jesus, glory
Oh Lord, Jesus, glory
Looking at the bezzle of my brighten
Thinking that I used to rap for enlightening
But I got led by them God selling lies for the white man
Now I sell pies a gospel white here
And my tour bus is [?] the move [?]
This must be the high we felt when the revolution failed
And I open it and talk em on [?]
You know the finish falls but it feels like yeah
I may have lost my cause but not my reason to rebel
Revolution that we [?] I'm in jail
And the seals call me nigga either way when I'm in nail
Just like they've being popped
Just like they being me
Just like they moving [?] if they see
And ain't just not this if does doesn't [?]
For my people and my people free forward
The Lord never break us if we never wanna call
Oh Lord, Jesus, glory
Oh Lord, Jesus, glory
Even as I'm standing here iceless, mikeless, priceless
Women with me prettier than icest
Don't know if she black or white chick
But I know this pussy and excitement
Gonna need to enditemenet
The women in the [?] cliche don't enlighten
Other scene dark days come to many brighten
Out the scene the day I'm dime fine
As the fine one take the nine [?] mine
People depth don't blind
Fuck you with them [?] hore
Liars of Delilah even Mary Anne looking door
Pretty [?] she would [?] see you what they used to
Stone cold bitch she must [?]
Dope bad ass pussy might [?]
Who an [?] not in love what don't get it the [?]
She don't need a bar [?] she just need a booster
Event he devil pop you was fucking lust
Oh Lord, Jesus, glory
Oh Lord, Jesus, glory
Looking for the truth, yeah it's me, Everythang polo to the floor, go even at the grocery store It's so perfect, take a photo And take the pic you buying bitch and so stitch you logo Bitch you with the quatro, but my girl Mercedes With the Audi say the quatro was a [?] You can put on killer kill or fat boy or just Michael Call me what you want but still never call me rival They will call you dead and I will call you gone The loss with Jesus we be will be we'll be calling you home An underground rap [?] what I'm meant to be Then I will be the shit and you ain't shit to me We won, we the ones with the champagne, champagne At the end of our campaign Spit fire, main true like the blue flame, like the blue slang Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Let me see your hands up if you do say [?] and we both like Husain More money, more problems, more butane Burn the motherfucker down, down, Life's a bitch so I'm mack on her immaculate I don't wear no market watches Rolexes to accurate My rhymes actually accurate, meaning I don't fiction in my diction To the masses this perfection is perform through many practices This like prostitutes to mattresses this shit just come naturally Easy ass osamas, bamas, taking many casualties Like Columbine I'm down for mine [?] Killing them or killing me, this is my senility Iller than the iller then the illest be, I will spit this illest shit, from right here to infinity Till I reach the dirt, I will search the earth endlessly Looking for the [?] ain't nobody lyrically, as I'll as me As eazy e, come back from the A-I-D-S yes, get a beat from E-O-P, ghostwritten from my partner T-I-P cube Every time, travel back to 95, jumping in a 63 Impala, playing Cuban Linx We won, we the ones with the champagne, champagne At the end of our campaign Spit fire, main true like the blue flame, like the blue slang Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Let me see your hands up if you do say [?] and we both like Husain More money, more problems, more butane Burn the motherfucker down, down, [El-P:] Yo, I'm a grinch with a grin, I will shit on your kids Get a light, get a grip, get a hold of my dick bitch Make a wish I'm the knife, I'm nothin' that's nicer than gettin' sliced up, the switch, the machete, the fetty, yeti, the sheister icer, gettin' closer to Christ, ya might just find a design to your life, the angel hair short of the divine love I stink, I just stunk up a truck with 12 bricks I'm a Sphinx, snort so much my nose just broke off, think I'm alone again clutching a loaded glock soaked in chromium hoping the thought police just don't bust in my home again Life is tough, you'll get snuffed on the buff so dystopian, rough, rough, hear the call of the copper mutts on the hunt, What the fuck, this is not what my mother said I'll become Star spangler wranglers got my hopes on the run, getting closer now Maybe our society's supposed to drown Middle finger up on the Titanic as it's going down We won, we the ones with the champagne, champagne At the end of our campaign Spit fire, main true like the blue flame, like the blue slang Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Let me see your hands up if you do say [?] and we both like Husain More money, more problems, more butane Burn the motherfucker down, down.
I wanna be anywhere, anywhere but here
I wonder how long for this shit
Don't take me [?]


Moving through New York city in a black seven fifty
Like Batman moving through Gotham
Dodging pot holes as I gently move
Through Harlem with my wheels on slalom
Pain in my eyes is a pass in a place
Where they found [?] and they shot him
Forty one times, he committed no crime
But I guess life ain't Time Square
But in the city that's gritty where the bottom lives shitty
And the mayor's a billionaire
You love Manhattan keep on making it
And Brooklyn, keep on taking it
Cause life just ain't that fair
For the kids in the park, watching out for the Narc
[?] Puttin' Sour Diesel in the Air
Trying to flip in my [?] couple, couple racks
And making the hell out of here!

[?] right from under you
There were too many clouds in the sky
[?] there were too many clouds in the sky
[?] calling out to me
I can hear her calling out!
[?] right from under you
There were too many clouds in the sky
[?] there were too many clouds in the sky
[?] calling out to me
I can hear her calling out!

Let the city kill away
There were too many ghosts in this town
I can hear it calling out to me, out to me!

I'm a move in through the A-T-L in a black S-L
With the goddess of a black female
This is black male Heaven with the
But the [?] need pills like hell!
Even though it's black top from the layers to the top
Black blood still gets spilled
They pray that [?] no drugs were ever found [?]
Like the dream of the king when the sniper took his life
On the balcony of [?] motel
For now [?] these young black boys
See themselves sabotage their cell
Or maybe they're just smart, and they choose to go hard
Cause they know the good guy will fail.
So the ex went happy to a dream [?]. while he kills himself

[?] right from under you
There were too many clouds in the sky
[?] there were too many clouds in the sky
[?] calling out to me
I can hear her calling out!
[?] right from under you
There were too many clouds in the sky
[?] there were too many clouds in the sky
[?] calling out to me
I can hear her calling out!
Anywhere but here!
Anywhere, anywhere, anywhere, anywhere but here!
No matter how good a woman is, she still can't really teach him to be no man or daddy
Used to walk around with a head full of naps
Chubby young kid with a head full of raps

Doing what he can, just trying to adapt
Jumped to the block off of grandma's lap
Jumped to the block, so did every emcee
But gotta tell the truth, yeah, the block wasn't me
Lookin' for adventure, but the block was not
The block was real, Woo got killed
Half a year later, Big Spank got killed
And I got robbed, and Ronnie got shot
And I bought my first tape by 2Pac
And I got hard, cause I was smart
I knew that the weak and the meek couldn't make it in the street
Had to assert yourself to survive
So I convinced myself it was better for me
To be Jack in the *Lord of the Flies*
It's a book I read, books I read
Cause I'm addicted to literature
As a young boy rollin' 'round with the clique
Cause of that I was insecure
I was insecure cause I realized
Ain't no room for the civilized
When the wild men rumble in the jungle
And that's why Simon and Piggy died
Ralph survives, but he lives changed
Nothin's the same, shit'll drive a man out his brain
Drive a young man insane
My cousin Jimmy had a breakdown he ain't never been the same
And he never will be again
If I could fix his brain
Take back the crack in his mind
Give it all back, you can have the racks and fame
I'd give it all back in exchange
This is for the dads and the grandads
And the little homies that ain't never had dads
This is for the uncles and the OGs
And the lil homies, and the YGs
This is for the men I look up to
And all the struggles that the men had to go through
For every man that's ever had to man up
If that's you, let me see you put your hands up
I lost my youth, chasin' my youth
Made me a youth in the back of a coupe
Teenage love, like Slick Rick said
I hit her with my Dougie and I had a gold tooth
Fur Kangol, Filas too
She was light-skinned red gold tooth
But of course it didn't last cause I had to go to college
And she was still in high school
Damn, I'm a dad, this is bad
This ain't good, my baby's in the hood
And I'm walkin' 'round the black ivy league campus
Like I wish you house niggas would
So I go get a job, UPS
Where they treat you like BS and
You all know how the story goes
Drop out of college and sell 'ses
I figured I'd invest in studio time
Drop rhymes, have success
But, mostly I got fronted on, stunted on
Nigga dealt with some stress
I'll take that two, take that three
Cause my momma got to see me on TV
And my grandmomma got to get her Grammy
And my grandaddy got to see his boy eat
See his boy grow, I wish I never had that show
I wish you never had to go
Wish you could meet my wife, wish you could see my life
But you had to see the light
Wish I had you one more day
Wish I had tomorrow that's your birthday
We can sip gin, straight get fade
We can ride old schools through the trey
I've never really had a religious experience, in a religious place. Closest I've ever come to seeing or feeling God is listening to rap music. Rap music is my religion. Amen
What I say might save a life, what I speak might save the street
I ain't got no instruments, but I got my hands and feet

Hands gone clap and feet gone tap
El-P beats to make that snap
And I ride them with my raps, and they all tight as my naps
And my naps is all I got, and this beautiful ebony skin
And the music in my heart, and the words put in the wind
And the words put in the wind, coming back like a boomerang
When I take this microphone, point it at the crowd, they start to sing
This is jazz, this is funk, this is soul, this is gospel
This is sanctified sex, this is player pentecostal
This is church; front, pew, amen, pulpit
What my people need and the opposite of bullshit
Robert Johnson
Muddy Waters
James Brown, Augusta, GA
That Ray Charles, that Stevie Wonder, that
Mayfield, that Superfly
Willie Hutch and that Mack
, it's that blues man, that soul man
OutKast, that Southernplayalisticadillac
Jimi Hendrix
George Clinton
, I feel it in my bones
Aretha Franklin
Shirley Caesar
Nina Simone
Sade, that Love is King
Coltrane, that Love Supreme
Miles Davis, that Bitches Brew
"beeeyatch" said by Playboy Too
I got things to do, before I meet that glory in the sky
And my baby girl b-day be six months away, she gonna be five
So I pray to the lord he spare me, and I make it by and by
And I help souls stay out of Hell with what I testify
And maybe when I grab the microphone and never lie
That'll merit that he spare me, I won't have to feel that fire
So Killa Kill gonna spit that real on each and every song
And each and every poem, until the good lord call me home, gone!
Man, my story is, so glorious
You know, I started off so notorious
I will die a legend like Notorious

My story is, so glorious
Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, shine!
My story is, so glorious
Fat fly boy, young Notorious
Notorious, for move makin'
I got a pistol for a pen, cook bacon
I'm a E.V., educated villain
I'm a book reader
I'm a gang leader
Triple bang and salute when the gang see him
I'm in position that these other rappers envy
They major, broke, and I get rich indie
Yeah, I said I Get-Rich-IN-D
Trill definition of that G.R.I.N.D
God looked out, because my life changed
It weren't for rap, I'd have a job of sell cocaine
They say I celebrate the pusher, that's profane
I say to feed my babies y'all I'll do anything
I'll sell H, I'll sell C
Because Malik and I are grown and Mikey gotta eat
And I refuse, cause I promised I would not lose
Until I'm gone, I'mma give these sucka' niggas blues
Here come the blues, nigga!
Young Muddy Waters
In the club sweating hot with your smelly daughters
Young 8Ball, on my way to legendary
Even [?] will have to point and say, "That nigga's very heavy!"
To son me, you gon' have to get a Bun B
Because the Pimp C in me won't let you pump me
Aye watch your mouth nigga
I'm from the South nigga
And you might smell my cologne at your house nigga
Seems that's all that I'm about, nigga
She want a lot of things
And she gon' have it all
Good riddance to my ex-bitches, I holla y'all
I see you and your new nigga at my show
He love Pledge 2, he love song 4
I love the West side, I love Zone 4
Dixie Hills, Simpson Road that's what I do it for
Martin Luther King, Bankhead and Ashby
But now it's Lowery
That's where the loud be
And everywhere I be that's where the crowd be
But I'm a street nigga, partner don't crowd me
And don't push me, and don't shush me
Cause I'm the opposite of whatever is pussy
Ass nigga, you ain't talking cash nigga
Then it's lost in translation
Get up out my face and
Go to the room where the sucka' niggas sit
Sit around and talk some of that sucka nigga shit
The way y'all cackling (?) is like y'all sucking nigga's dick
No homo promo, but y'all suckas acting like a bitch
I fell off and came up again, I am 50 Cent
I know you don't love me
I'm black and I'm ugly
But I got money, so these fly bitches fuck me
And I got hits now, so you haters can't duck me
My life has turned to magic, this is David Copperfield
The pretty women hug me and beg for me to cop a feel
Them crackas call a nigga they want me to cop a deal
But I don't talk 360 unless we talking 'bout a mil
If they talking major money, we can talk and that's what up
If they ain't talking 'bout that then I remain indie as fuck
They say I'm underrated and they sorry for my loss
And I reply I'm sorry that y'all broke and got a boss
On Pledge 1 I told the world what I'm about to do
The blind couldn't see it so I showed 'em Pledge 2
God In the Building had to help 'em gain focus
Pledge 3 is here, I give you the magnum opus
That's life (that's life), I tell you I can't deny it
I thought of quitting, baby, but my heart just ain't gonna buy it
And if I didn't think it was worth one single try

I'd jump right on a big bird and then I'd fly...

Ms. Oprah, Mr. Cosby, I am right back at your ass
With all honor, Mr. Obama, please don't walk out so fast
I got a question, got a question, got a question for you all
Why when Oscar Grant got murdered, we didn't hear a peep from y'all?
We appreciate the way you delegate for Henry Gates
But what about your people slaving in these fields everyday?
We know that House got air conditioning and the sweetest lemonade
But don't forget your color, brother, we still motherfucking slaves
And that even go for Puffy who so motherfucking paid
That he's richer than these White folks or at least that's what he say
That's what he say, that's what he say, and them petty niggas love it
Think about it, what's a rapper standing next to Warren Buffett?
Ha ha ha, now you niggas are properly enlightened
You can disregard that sell-out shit that Jason Whitlock writing
You can disregard that racist shit that Glenn Beck is reciting
I'm the leader of the gang, tell them to get a mike

I was born and I was raised in the U.S.A
And I done been around the world and back, what a day
So I done seen a lot of shit and I just want to say
That Lucifer is here to stay, so bitch, you better pray
I was born and I was raised in the U.S.A
And I done been around the world and back, what a day
So I done seen a lot of shit and I just want to say
That Lucifer is here to stay, so bitch, that's life

What I'm touching on next, you might want to leave the kitchen
Cuz I'm touching on that touchy subject that they call religion
Kind of touchy like that religion that's touching on your children
But nobody want to talk about that, touching and feeling
On topics that they touching or talking about Jesus said
They liars like they father and sixes is in their head
Bishop Long, what is up with that monkey shit on your head?
Last I checked, vanity was a sin, the Lord said
On my life, I believe you put boys off in your bed
Though some New Birthers and Catholics ain't going to like what I just said
But before you fix your mouth and try to come with a retort
Please be advised that Jesus never took a plea in court
And he never had a plane, and he never had a car
And he never had a church that was visited by stars
But he did have love for the poor and the theives
And he was in the street, kind of similar to me, nigga

I was born and I was raised in the U.S.A
And I done been around the world and back, what a day
So I done seen a lot of shit and I just want to say
That Lucifer is here to stay, so bitch, you better pray
I was born and I was raised in the U.S.A
And I done been around the world and back, what a day
So I done seen a lot of shit and I just want to say
That Lucifer is here to stay, so bitch, that's life

Mr. Beck, Mr. O'Reilly, Mr. Limbaugh, Mr. Hannity
How could you sell white America your insanity?
You tell them that they're different and manipulate their vanity
When truthfully, financially their life is a calamity
Otherwise they would be listening to Dave Ramsey
So they're about as broke as the people that they don't want to be
Convincing them that rich Republicans is what they going to be
So they act like Ronald Reagan and like him they're awful actors
Who look up to the rich like dumb kids look up to rappers
And that's about as dumb as a donkey pulling a tractor
Yes, that's a Democrat diss, I'm a detractor
So whether you vote right or vote left is not a factor
When you ain't got no care for your health, Hey, this America
They going to put your ass in debt, something terrible
So you can disrespect presidents and call them socialists
But Palin and Pelosi both going to have you broke as shit

I was born and I was raised in the U.S.A
And I done been around the world and back, what a day
So I done seen a lot of shit and I just want to say
That Lucifer is here to stay, so bitch, you better pray
I was born and I was raised in the U.S.A
And I done been around the world and back, what a day
So I done seen a lot of shit and I just want to say
That Lucifer is here to stay, so bitch, that's life
I'm going on tour, and I'm gonna show anybody out there that 
thinks for one second that maybe I'm second guessing myself, 
that I am the greatest of all time forever and ever. 

One surprise, one surprise ... shhhh! Wooo! I'm back.

To make it out the ice cold streets of the city
You better have a Christopher word game, witty
You better have a dance game similar to Diddy
Or play b-ball above the rim like Smitty
Josh, Chris Bosh, Pau Gasol
Or any other nigga that ball at all
I used to sell it white as Paul Wall
Gave my young boi three of them in the mall
And he gon' bring me $75K back tomorrow
You know what Bigga 'bout, you know what Bigga do
Ice water in my veins, heart pumpin' igloo
I'm familiar wit the money so ... who the fuck is you?
What the fuck you do? Where the fuck you from? Who you knowing?
Somebody get this nigga, I don't know him
And I'm 'bout to jet off on his ass like a Boeing
Going, going, going, gone ... song

You don't like the the prestige that I have in life. 
You don't like the notoriety. 
You detest the fact that I got more cars than most of you have friends! 
I got a big house on the big side of town ... 
I got life pretty much the way I want it!

To make it out the ice cold streets of the city
Your mindstate gotta be as wicked as Fiddy
Can't love life suckling on mama's titty
Cause life is a bitch and a bitch ain't with it
You gotta have faith livin' life on Biggie
I'm ready to die for the money, who is with me?
Life after death, hey this must be hell
I asked for six figures, God gave back self
I'm on my way to heaven in a Porsche 911
Buried in my car, I'm surrounded by a harem
Surrounded by my brethren, my funeral is legend
Buried like a pharaoh with my jewelery in the desert
The government will hate me like Jesus, but fuck 'em
I did it for the grind, I did it for the hustle
I did it for the people on the bottom in the struggle
I did it for my comrades, did it cause I love 'em

Custom made brother ... Wooo! 
And I mean custom made! From the alligators to all that they can see right here. 
Ric Flair! There's only one. 
And I don't care if it's Tokyo, Japan; Greensboro; Richmond; Charlotte, North Carolina; Asheville; Atlanta, Georgia; Charlotte; L.A. ... 
I'm the man that's makin' it possible!"

To make it out the ice cold streets of the city
You gotta politic your situations like Clinton
If you chase power you ain't gotta chase women
So take some advice, take cash over ass
When you get money you ain't gotta take shit
So, long as you broke she ain't gotta take dick
Capiche?
Now you know what motivate your beetch
Capiche?
Pay the mortgage or the pussy up for lease
Capiche?
Church ladies goin' gaga for the Gucci (Yah!)
Got two niggas, menaging for some Louie (Yah!)
Work with the keys, get acquainted with Alicia
And every other girl named Rihanna wanna meet ya
They in it for the money, not the swag or the features
Pretty parasites might suck you like leeches
Just some information for a student from a teacher
Real life shit, I'm Mike Bigga, nice to meet ya ... gone

At Delta, the girls call me cool. 
At Eastern, the girls call me Slick Ric. 
And all the other women around the world just say ... aww, there goes the man ... Woo!
Hut one, hut two, two
Ready set go
Make these niggas get right

Or get low

Hut one, hut two, two
Ready set go
Make these niggas get right
Or get low

Get low, get low or get right right
Holla kill, kill for da, nigga, big Mike, big Mike
Get low get low or get right right
Holla kill, kill for da, nigga, big Mike, big Mike

I know these streets 'bout tired of this weak shit
Ya style been ran thru like a freak bitch
Da pussy club got ya angered with ya frequent
Ed hard hard ass nigga and ya sequence
Might as well shop at Victoria Secret have 'em
Gift warp you some "I love Pink" shit

Rap due and ya'll niggas delinquent
Ya better find anotha nigga to link with
'Cause da nigga you link with is a lie fool
I used to bully dat monkey nigga in high school

Sit at da lunch table, steal and eat his damn food
Da pretty girls, dey say, Michael a damn fool
I get my work on, and get my flirt on
I say fuck 'em, he a pussy put a skirt on 'em
I said fuck 'em, he a pussy put a skirt on 'em

Hut one, hut two, two
Ready set go
Make these niggas get right
Or get low

Hut one, hut two, two
Ready set go
Make these niggas get right
Or get low

Get low, get low or get right right
Holla kill, kill for da, nigga, big Mike, big Mike
Get low get low or get right right
Holla kill, kill for da, nigga, big Mike, big Mike

I'm da Prada, of da age of narcotta
Da kings on dope like da pill you swallow
Down by law I lead don't follow
Grind time, grand hustilin for gualla

I remain in the game to break lames off
Some of dem sensitive and some too soft
Da hood been forced to fuck with ya'll by default
But now da truth here da bullshit cuts off

This is real homie, no fake, no filler, 100 percent grade A killer
Somethin' like da bitch that I keep in Villa Rica
But I'm a be quiet cause dey might Mike Vick ya
Might catch Mike with a light Mike Vicka

Some purple kush that'll get me high like a missile
Smokin' one deep 'cause I don't fuck with cha
Sincerely from da hustle and grind time official

Let's go, let's go, grand hustle
Money on our mind and we ain't goin down sucka
And grind time, hut two and grand hustle
Send 'em here got em here look at da king bankhead sucka

Hut one, hut two, two
Ready set go
Make these niggas get right
Or get low

Hut one, hut two, two
Ready set go
Make these niggas get right
Or get low

Get low, get low or get right right
Holla kill, kill for da, nigga, big Mike, big Mike
Get low get low or get right right
Holla kill, kill for da, nigga, big Mike, big Mike

Zone 1 through zone 4, nigga zone 6
As well homeboy you know what's happenin
Yeah, yeah da niggas who been 'posed to been
Runnin' dis shit done started runnin da shit

Patna, ya understand? Muhfucka ain't nothin'
You gone do about it homes
Ya betta muhfuckin' keep ya lunch money in ya
Got damn wastebasket nigga
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

You and your whose me and my foes
Me and my foes... you and your whose
Never was supposed, that ever ever was for
You and your whose me and my foes
Me and my foes... you and your whose
Never was supposed, that ever ever was for

They say a nigger can't get a job but can get arrested
Thought shit was changing which is black for detention
My bitch got me fucked up, going to get tested
Cause while I was locked up, she was living red
Just another odd deal a real nigger got a deal with
If you want the bottom right man you gotta feel this
I know that you're frustrated and you wanna clear your shit
Stop... weapons cause that shit may come real quick
Bomb, yeah, yeah, yeah, this motherfucker down
Yeah, yeah, yeah I will bomb this motherfucker down

You and your whose me and my foes
Me and my foes... you and your whose
Never was supposed, that ever ever was for

They say the cop wrote a letter apologizing to Oscar
Guess they say I'm wrong cause I steal...
Police in the ghetto, they is killing niggers daily
But when we get to busting back they say that we crazy
Prison's overcrowded and school is too
Cause they under educate you and got a place for you, yeah
Niggers go to prison, new age slavery
Now you knowing why they under educate your baby

Bomb, yeah, yeah, yeah, this motherfucker down
Yeah, yeah, yeah I will bomb this motherfucker down
You and your whose me and my foes
Me and my foes... you and your whose
Never was supposed, that ever ever was for

They say get a job you've been thinking grow rich
But what is you to do when a dollar ain't worth shit
And the jobs I ain't hiring none employment is gone
They gonna rip all your cars pull off clothes your home
Me I suggest you get yourself a shotgun
So when they come to... you can make them run
The bank's got bail down the... suffering
So I got a gun cause I ain't got enough of them

Bomb, yeah, yeah, yeah, this motherfucker down
Yeah, yeah, yeah I will bomb this motherfucker down
You and your whose me and my foes
Me and my foes... you and your whose
Never was supposed, that ever ever was for

They say love Jesus and listen to your pastor
But Jesus told the truth and the pastor's a lying bastard
All he talk about is economic elevation
And all Jesus talked about soul salvation
Jesus sat with the sick and He walked with the poor
If He gave blood for what's seeing why we give him more?
I got some gangster disciples and church with me tonight
With that... worth of gas and mask look alike

Bomb, yeah, yeah, yeah, this motherfucker down
Yeah, yeah, yeah I will bomb this motherfucker down
You and your whose me and my foes
Me and my foes... you and your whose
Never was supposed, that ever ever was for
You and your whose me and my foes
Me and my foes... you and your whose
Never was supposed, that ever ever was for. 
This the shit that happen when we go out on the town
This the shit that happen when we go out on the town
Bottles get to popping and them bitches get to jocking

And the kush bag that we smoking on be loud

Pull up to the club, you can hear the car running
Tip the door man, so you know I got a gun in
Promoter already paid my money
I'mma make it rain on sugar and honey
Bigga baby Bigga baby, ball like a dawg
There's enough of me to around for both of y'all
Me and my team, we the t-shirt gang
50 niggas deep, going "bang bang bang!"
Black T, black t, bottles in the air
Niggas think J-Bo and Meech back their
Niggas think Charlies Black back on set
Niggas think Tera White back on deck
So respect my mind, respect my grind
Walk right past don't respect, don't mind
20 young broads like a cheer leading squad
All they wanna do is hang out with the stars
All they wanna do is get high like the moon
Take a nigga back to the hotel room
Sex, drugs, rap, roll, yeah we on it
L.A. tonight, Miami in the morning
Know a nigga had to hit the King Of Diamonds
Know a nigga had to do the same shit again
Know my next show in the city of sin
Tip back home and we at it again

The kush that I'm smoking so goddamn loud
I can see the police standing through the crowd
I can see these pretty women sweating my style
I can see my old ho standing by the mile
Away from the do' just looking at me
Her best friend telling her to holla at me
She wanna say something but her pride don't let her
Mad cause the bitches that I'm with look better
Fuck that hate I celebrate
Standing with some niggas in the N.B.A
Standing with some niggas in the N.F.L
Both them niggas say they visit with a player
Yeah I'm a player, yeah I ball
M.V.P. of the V.I.P
All the young niggas wanna be like Mike
Better put a 23 on me
All these hoes with me go dyke
There go 23 times three
They just wanna be high as a kite
On a spaceship in another galaxy
Y'all niggas think making a movie is a club
I live my life IMAX 3D
Y'all niggas know it's big screen things on the scene
Living life HD 10 in your TV

Let's go
Thirty car deep me, need the whole valet
From everything new to the old Chevrolet
Half of them them bitches ain't got no tops
Half of them bitches park brand new drops
All them bitches got brand new wheels
None of my niggas ain't got no deal
None of my niggas ain't got no job
All of my niggas got 2 or 3 cars
What you mean nigga ain't got no cares?
Like telling OG she ain't go no ass
Don't look now nigga, Sugar on the stage
Five stack for the song, nigga Sug' got a raise
How you know a nig' got all that work?
Cause he got three/four XL shirts
Why a nigga name so hot in the city?
Cause he got three/four spots in the city
It's soft on the east, hard on the west
Smoke on the south side y'all know the rest
32 O then it ain't no plan
No income, no stone then it ain't no watch
Is it in the front then it ain't no Coupe
Didn't come from L.A. then it ain't no Snoop
G.A. baby wanna smoke that brown
Your name ain't Young then this ain't your town
Nothing said pussy like 3 Rosay
[?] post screaming free Jose
Nothing said chip like Frito Lay
Keep playing that Young/Mike, go DJ
Matter of fact dawg, free all my niggas
Know what I did then you might be a [?]
Play it one more time then I might [?]
God is still with me (He's still with me)
God is still with me (He's still with me)
God is still with me (He's still with me)

God is still with me (He's still with me)

It's hot like Haiti down in Hades
The false prophet say the Lord has forsaken us black babies
To make it off a island in Mercedes
We going sell it white as Michelangelo's Christ
Babies need rice, the baby need beans
To feed our babies beans we might have to flip a bean
I have sold my people dope yet provided them with hope
Sinner and saint, yeah, I did ‘em both
Yea I sold a brick on a basketball court
And bought the uniforms for the basketball coach
Can't wash a way the blood so I put rings on my fingers
25 carats symbolize my redeemer
And my redeemer's blood is capable of taking Chris Dudus
Making him a savior of others
My God will take a Sual, fashion him a Pual
So only God can judge me and to hell with all y'all

I lift my eyes upon the hills
From whence cometh my health
Only God can judge me
And nobody else
I beat these streets to make the Devil a lie
Marching at hell to the gangster's eye
I can feel the fire still everywhere
If heaven got a ghetto I'm a make it there

God is still with me (He's still with me)
God is still with me (He's still with me)
God is still with me (He's still with me)
God is still with me (He's still with me)

The critics ask why Michael never blowed
Well, truthfully I met the Devil at the crossroad
He offered me success in exchange for my soul
He stripped me of my riches, broke me down like Job
First he took my car, and then he took my house
But he couldn't take the Lord's name out a nigga mouth
So then he took my friends, and then he took my fame
And then he had my former friends dirty up my name
And while he was lion I was Daniel in the den
Walking with an angel, a testament to men
I can walk on water, I defy the odds
The Devil give you fame, but he can't defy my God
My God is amazing, I don't need the Masons
I just need the junkies and the liars and the theives
I need the pimps, prostitues and pushers out the streets
That's where I'm seeking God cuz that's where he found me
That's where I'm seeking God cuz that's where he found me
Amen

I lift my eyes upon the hills
From whence cometh my health
Only God can judge me
And nobody else
I beat these streets to make the Devil a lie
Marching at hell to the gangster's eye
I can feel the fire still everywhere
If heaven got a ghetto I'm a make it there

God is still with me (He's still with me)
God is still with me (He's still with me)
God is still with me (He's still with me)
God is still with me (He's still with me)

They tried to tell me "Don't make these kind of records
You're never going to be who you're suppossed to be"
The record that people are most connected to is 'God in the Building 1'
So I give you 'God in the Building 2'
I'm a keep doing what I am doing
I'm a keep building my testament
My empire, my legacy, my way
Because I know God moves through me
God is in me at all given times
So some of you all can shortcut, take whatever road you like to
I prefer the high road (high road)
ft. Gucci Mane

(Killer Mike)

Anytime it me in v.i.p.
They say the zoo in town
circus elephants
is goin' wild, yea you 'n'
clowns, monkey niggas talkin' shit
I can make yo shit see
have my africans eat his face
like he some kushed meat
animals we animals
naw, we ain't playin' fair
dog show got 20 pretty bitches
pressin' over here, sweatin'
like a dog ho and I need my
..., Ima grab yo ass and tip
you good before the night is over
see, we gone like 30 bottles
Jungle juices goin' on
whatever they pourin' on
bite that pill then tranquilize
now they got monkey ...
she fuck ...dealers, ...dealers
their go you and yo monkey crew

i'm goin' i'm goin' i'm goin'

(Gucci Mane)
it mr. roll another swisher
(ahhhn) a.k.a. that nigga
its Gucci Mane, a killer
yo local drug dealer
and I'm hangin' wit the thugs
cause I don't like the phoneys
but I'm louder just like tony
and I do ... by boloney
I'm iced out, thuged out
... stop
my 95 ... on thug girl drawers
and I'm hotter than hottest of the
hottest of the hot
and I ... 63 ...
I'm a dog, your a cat
your the dog and I'm the vet
this is that, I am him,
I'm the guy, ...
I'm too fly, I'm way too fly

I'm goin I'm goin' I'm goin

(Killer Mike)
I can see a snake nigga
watchin' me, ... grass
... for yo petty ass
I am in pursuit of cash
...Martin Luther Kinger
so any enemy wanna buck
just buck, got a ... on my finger
my blood stay snuffed, they
smell like smoke
when I leave the room they linger
it' s polo here plus polo there
ice cold when I flow, I'm a
polar bear, lookin' like a villan in
a penguin suit, black wit the white,
thats penguin coope, poppin'
ar the back of a black sedan,
lookin' like whoo I'm the man
black fur coat we see me
god damn I'm so m m b
I'm so f-ing King Kong
see me rappin' in the Empire State
white grls love my ding dong
jungle fever I medicate, crocidiles
is how i style, yall light weight and
still wearin' snake
The American dream had a price tag ... 
and only one man in a million was hungry enough to pay

Hey man, you can save that morality for your minister
And you can save that speech for the sisters of the church
This is America, jack
This is all about corporate takeovers and money makeovers
Wealth matters and poverty doesn't
We all say we love Martin Luther King, but we all wanna live like Don King, don't we?
God bless America! God bless America!

Home of the Rockefellers, home of the Carnegies
Home of the end justifies the means, legitimized through larceny
"Fuck the king! Fuck your taxes!" is what they told their masters
Before they became our masters
So rebelling against power is natural
And being an outlaw is actually ...
The world fears a person with a dream. Because to have a dream gives you the ambition to wanna fulfill wanna that dream
And if you live your life fulling that dream, you're gonna glow man. Because there's a magnificence in the moment that comes with fulfilling you dream that you can't achieve being a part of someone else's

Follow your dreams no matter what people may say. They gonna talk they gonna front they gonna hate at the end of the day its between you and God cause you know what it takes

Follow my dreams and get right back down, two steps forward three steps back round. They keep pulling, I'm pushing, I'm shoving, they showing no love - oh God I need you right now

You got famous your love came back up, that's insane
The same as you must be to be in this game
In this game you suffer, hit strangers
Like Usain you bolt towards your dream
But haters speak disdain
Know my name and your name
But one thing's for sure man
Success is a sickness and there ain't no cure, man
Cure all is work hard and don't take no tours off
And even on off days you came back like you're off
The payoff is tenfold in dollars and euros
Pitfalls of vanity, pride, and your ego
Just let go and live up to your full potential
What they say is hearsay, it's inconsequential
But naysayers say no, but they are so simple
That they judge appearances and can't touch the mental
They are sheep, they follow shepherds of men
Or Malcolm, or Martin; I follow my plan

Do it for family, but they don't believe
That dreams that you have can even be achieved
Get ready young sailor, here's rough on the seas
Can't let no doubt or self-pity drown me
It's design when you sign and the vultures appear
And if you should succeed, it gets worse by the year
But the worse curse is failure, it kills by the day
Watch your dreams and ambitions as they fade away
See, my curse is I'll verse in these verses I verse
Will still be overlooked like a body in hearse
But this Lazarus rap and this is my rebirth
And no paper, just my dream on verse
The boot lady told me she dreamed I was cursed
Told her, if you can't tell I returned to Earth
Returned to the dirt, returned to the essence
Cause no weapon formed that gives me a succession

I hope you've learned about the business of chasing your dreams out there. I hope you're chasing your dreams 'till you're exhausted, 'till your feet hurt, 'till your bones ache, and 'till you get it, you're hoping that you won't let it go. I want this to be more than good music to you, I hope it's inspiration for you. Chad Butler told me a few years back, "fight for your dream, Michael, like a drowning man fightin' for air."



I hope (I hope) I hope with the highest of hopes That I never have to go back to the trap And my days of dealing with dope So I, I always spit fire and dope So later on you can go quote My lines to your people and folk And they say damn (damn) That boy be spitting that pressure (pressure) And he be smoking that pressure (pressure) And he smart as a professor (yessir) 25 lighters on dresser, pound of that pressure Sittin right next to (next to) Next to a book and a gun Ballot or bullet, you better use one One time for the freedom of speeches (speech) Two time for the right to hold heaters (heaters) Just give to the fifth and the cops in the house Close your mouth and pray to your Jesus Ask why cause the Devil a lie (lie) So I stay holy and high (high) May never get rich, but I never bitch 'Cause I made it here by and by My, my, y'all I coulda died, y'all A couple times, I took my eyes off the prize, y'all I know a few people pray for my demise, y'all But like cream, I had to rise, I had to rise, y'all Oh my, y'all I coulda died, y'all A couple times, I took my eyes off the prize, y'all I know a couple people pray for my demise, y'all But even birds with broken wings want to fly, y'all RTJ! Ya gonna need a bigger boat, boys, you're in trouble (Eh) Gonna need a little hope, boys, on the double (Eh) You muckin' with a G here, here see talk to me Or maybe listen to the man that barely dodged his own lobotomy Pop the tape in baby, we got shit we wrote for you Came from feeling what a pure absence of hope can do Only to leap through flaming rings and break the nose of crews Still in their wings'll be them darling's of hope they've broken you (Yeah, they better hope that) I'm a full force full and a cold fact See the cold floor, where I licked dirt when the dough dried and pride died Had a bud max, had to shop right Gimme two meals and the lights on Imma do right, get a new crew Make a new life, never boo hoo Never lose sight, I'm true dude With a burst heart from a old soul Better stop drop when the squad's hot, we don't stop a lot We don't talk a lot about it, we just pop it off a lot I'm high, man, I'm a cosmonaut Scream, "Fuck 'em," 'til they lop our bloody noggins off I promise y'all My, my, y'all I coulda died, y'all A couple times, I took my eyes off the prize, y'all I know a few people pray for my demise, y'all But like cream, I had to rise, I had to rise, y'all Oh my, y'all I coulda died, y'all A couple times, I took my eyes off the prize, y'all I know a couple people pray for my demise, y'all But even birds with broken wings want to fly, y'all RTJ RTJ RTJ RTJ
 
We return from the depths of the badland
With a gun and a knife and a waistband
Went to war with the devil and shaytan

He wore a bad toupee and a spray tan
So high now, hoping that I land
(?) moving through Thailand
On the radio heard 'em playing hijack
Government being that, I'm a (?)
I move in a world of conspiracies
Obey no rules, I'm doing me
Smoke kush, transport to the airport
Customs found a joint and my passport
Pull cash and I gave him what he asked for
God damnit it's a motherfucking miracle
Small bribe, made it back into America
Hit Uber and maneuvered out the area
Rhyme animal, pitbull terrier
Rap terrorist, terrorize, teared up
Brought gas and the matches to flare it up
Militant Michael might go psycho
On any ally or rival
Born black, that's dead on arrival
My job is to fight for survival
In spite of all of these all lives matter ass white folk

This is spiritual warfare you're dealing with.
This is not a fight that you have been dealing with Christian blood
but this is a fight against principalities
and evil doers and unclean spirits.
(RTJ3 motherfuckers)

Rain man didn't die face down in the Vietnam mud so I could not style on you
I didn't walk uphill both ways to the booth and back to not wyl on you
You think baby Jesus killed Hitler just so I'd whisper?
When you're safe and sound and these crooks tap your phone and I'll have a file on you
What me worry? Nah buddy, I've lost before, so what?
You a (?), I'm Dun motherfucker I can't be crushed
Fuckers open a bush up and stop bullshitting the kid
My dick got a mission to storm on par with the best ever took the gig
I'ma super cap, from don data to dusk, don't bother to touch
I got firm clutch on the grip and the pumps
I might ghost ride the tank, take it out of the bank
Got the son of Rick Ruben rushing full thrust
Don't (?) weak shit to the shark tank judge
Talk real good cause I'm smart and stuff
We a good crew to fuck with, better luck

I told y'all suckers,
I told y'all suckers. I told y'all on RTJ1,
then I told ya again on RTJ2,
and you still ain't believe me. So here we go, RTJ3

Talk to me
RTJ, Talk to me
Hear what I say, we are the business today
Fuck shit is finished today
RT & J, we the new PB & J

We dropped a classic today
We did a tablet of acid today
Mentors with the masses and ashes away
SKRRRT! We dash away
Donner and Dixon, the pistol is blastin' away

Doctors of death
Killin', our patience suppressed
We oughta pay you the trust
Cookin' up work
Cookin' up curses and slurs
Smokin' my brain into mush
I became famous for blamin' you fucks
Maimin' my way through the brush
There is no training or taming of me and my bruh
Look like a man, but I'm animal raw

We are the murderous pair
That went to jail and we murdered the murderers there
Then went to Hell and discovered the devil
Delivered some hurt and despair
Used to have powder to push
Now I smoke pounds of the kush
Holy, I'm burnin' a bush
Now I give a fuck about none of this shit
Jewel runner over and out of this bitch

Woo!
Woo!
Step into the spot like woo!
Woo!

Copping uppers and downers get done
I'm in a rush to be numb
Droppin' a thousand ain't much
Come from the clouds
On a missile to turn this whole town into dust
Don't make a sound, baby, hush
I am the living swipe right on the mic, I'm a slut
I don't know how to not spit like a lout
I'll spill a pound of my kids on your couch

Half of a mongol and mythical team
Killin' and treacherous things
Legend says El is a spawn out of Hell
The myth is my mom is a murderous queen
Your life can end like in Godfather 1
You get the gun as I christen my son
If I die today and it's Hell I should pay
Tell the Lord Mikey said, "Fuck it was fun"

Hear what I say, we are the business today
Fuck shit is finished today
RT & J, we the new PB & J
We dropped a classic today
We did a tablet of acid today
Did joints with the masses and ashes away
SKRRRT! We dash away
Donner and Dixon, the pistol is blastin' away

Doctors of death
Curing our patients of breath
We oughta pay you the trust
Crooked at work
Cookin' up curses and slurs
Smokin' my brain into mush
I became famous for blamin' you fucks
Maimin' my way through the brush
There is no training or taming of me and my bruh
Look like a man, but I'm animal raw

We are the murderous pair
That went to jail and we murdered the murderers there
Then went to Hell and discovered the devil
Delivered some hurt and despair
Used to have powder to push
Now I smoke pounds of the kush
Holy, I'm burnin' a bush
Now I give a fuck about none of this shit
Jewel runner over and out of this bitch

Woo!
Woo!
Step into the spotlight, woo!
Woo!

Copping of uppers and downers get done
I'm in a rush to be numb
Droppin' a thousand ain't much
Come from the clouds
On a missile to turn this whole town into dust
Don't make a sound, baby, hush
I am the living swipe right on the mic, I'm a slut
I don't know how to not spit like a lout
I'll spill a pound of my kids on your couch

Half of a mongol and mythical team
Feelin' this treacherous theme
Legend says El is a spawn out of Hell
The myth is my mom is a murderous queen
Your life can end like in Godfather 1
You get the gun as I christen my son
If I die today and it's Hell I should pay
Tell the Lord Mikey said, "Fuck, it was fun"

Every new record's my dick in a box
We here the goons, eat them rulers a lot
You're getting used to me doing no wrong
I don't play chicken, you prick, I'm a fox
You wanna kick it, I'll give you the rock
You kiss the wood chipper blade if you bark
I'm fuckin' magic, in fact I'm a warlock can talk
I got a unicorn horn for a (stop)

Woo!
Woo!
Step into the spotlight, woo!
Woo!

And the crowd goes RTJ!
And the crowd goes RTJ!
And the crowd goes RTJ!
And the crowd goes RTJ!
RTJ!
RTJ!
RTJ!
RTJ!

Mike in the jelly, won't snitch
I'll rent a room at the Ritz
I'll sip a fifth of the whisk
I'll smoke a dub in the tub
Then I will split both my wrists

I'll pull a sword on you simps
Just for the flick of the wrist
Kitchen ain't givin' a miss
Me and Mike skip away whistlin' and grin
Every day's golden when you only win

Bullyin' bastards and beatin' on beats
Sounds like a day at the beach, preach
I keep the metals to step on your feet
Before you can speak, blaow to defeat

We move on one to ones, you think I'm meek
You think I'm lyin', you right, see my teeth
Don't be a bore when I roar if I move
Hunting's no fun when your prey doesn't move
I'll put a gun to a bunny like choose
Say somethin' funny or bunny go boom
You got a bevy of shit you could groove
We'd like to thank you for choosing our crew

And that's from the crew you can trust
Warranty plus for fuckin' shit up
We are the no-gooders, do-gooders
Known to the dancers and dealers and doers of dust
Run the jewels live at the garden
Lickin' off shots and we aim for the darkness
Make it get hot for a target

Kids cook s'mores off the crotch of our targets
Kumbaya bitch
Buckle up lil' trooper
You can't get past me, I'm stuck in the future
The shit ain't all it's cracked up to be
The hover craft's cool but the air's so putrid

You can tell by the stench to the air
Blood's on the ground, opportunity is here
I'm lookin' into space like, "Is anybody there?
And if aliens are here, please tell me how near
Do you come in peace or should everybody fear?
I'll wait your reply with a blunt and a beer."
I be the high guy with the belly and the beard
Smoke signal ET, ATLiens here

Beggin' your pardon, Run the Jewels live at the garden
Li-li-li-li-li-live from the garden
Li-li-live from the garden
Li-li-li-li-li-live from the garden
Run the Jewels live at the garden
Run the Jewels (live from the garden)
Ru-ru-run the Jewels (live from the garden)
Li-li-li-li-li-live from the garden

Beggin' your pardon, Run the Jewels live at the garden
Last two pirates alive are still yargin (yargin)
My girl got my heart, it's a bargain
Lick from her lips to the crease in her garter
Her ass my religion, her love's why I'm livin'
I smoke farm to face the field full, partner
Life's a shitnado, the smoke my umbrella
The boy's back turnin' his slacks to all yella (Prick)
It's a daily lick, I slit throats with a grin that reek of pure shit
Travel by backflip, eat from the river, the panther heart taught to talk by smart chicks
Sip pure venom and skipped away grinnin'
I put that on mom, she ain't raise a Vic
Lil' fucknuts, sit
I piss on your wit, dismiss your whole shit

Live from the stage of the garden
We be the realest of the killers of the fuck shit squadron
Movin' through the streets and we lootin,' robbin'
Mobbin,' marchin', carrying our coffin
Hello everybody, this is now bank robbery
Jesse James gang, we'll walk you through the process
You don't wanna be a hero, do not let that thought process
We will put a bullet where your thoughts get processed
Get that fuck shit straight like a perm or a process
Cause forreal the money money ain't the mother fuckin' object
We just like exitement, gun fights, indigtments
High speed chase through Manhattan in the night winds
Ooh, its the thrill of the kill
Watching kill bill on a pill as I grip steerin' wheel
Cops coulda had the boy jammed I feel
But like Eddie Kane I made it I'm here

Beggin' your pardon, Run the Jewels live at the garden
Li-li-li-li-li-live from the garden
Li-li-live from the garden
Li-li-li-li-li-live from the garden
Run the Jewels live at the garden
Run the Jewels (live from the garden)
Ru-ru-run the Jewels (live from the garden)
Li-li-li-li-li-live from the garden

I'm the shamalama doomalama danger dick'll do your mama
Skeeter with the peter, never eat her, tell her see ya later
Holla 'bout tomorrow, baby, I ain't got to holler (Vroom, vroom)
My Impala pop a pussy, pop a collar
Pop a pill then chill, no pill, no Cosby
Not a raper or a taker, bonafide heartbreaker
Hit her once, hit her twice, then tell her see ya later
Got head, watch Vice at her home in Decatur

Full clip, I'm a little bit sick, come equipped
Look at what I did for the grit, got it lit, what a cinch
Brought 'em just a little pinch of the truth, and they flip
Now they hanging from my shit, lil' bit
It's the Mensch, the myth
I do push-ups nude on the edge of cliffs
The jewels come quick, all gold and bricked
Click, click, boxer cutter spit
Brother, what a trip

Beggin' your pardon, Run the Jewels live at the garden
Li-li-li-li-li-live from the garden
Li-li-live from the garden
Li-li-li-li-li-live from the garden
Run the Jewels live at the garden
Run the Jewels (live from the garden)
Ru-ru-run the Jewels (live from the garden)
Li-li-li-li-li-live from the garden

Tickets are on sale now at the Garden box office
And all Ticketron locations, or charge by phone
Hey, hey k-
Hey kids!
(This is so crazy!)


Say hello to the masters, on behalf of the classless masses
We showed up, ski masks, picks, and axes to murder asses
Lift up our glasses and watch your palaces burn to ashes
Fucking fascists, who the fuck are you to give fifty lashes
All cause I'm motivated, stimulated, never smoking simulated happy and burning hashes
Killer, killer, dealing with him like he's a squealer
Get 'em, got 'em, shout 'em, and flipped the matress
Woo! I'm the man bitch, got big ideas, got plans to rob
Any Rothschild living, Bill Gates and the ghost of Jobs
Yeah I said it, I meant it, I ain't flinchin, Marshawn Lynchin' it
Run through a motherfucker's face like ig'nant, isn't it
Domain eminent, we the preeminant
Villainous willingness, spitting this ready raw rap shit rhyme ridiculous
Enemy grave he digging it, then we piss in it
Us go to hell, we been in it, gettin' it, yeah

Bumaye
Bumaye
Bumaye
Bumaye

Aye, aye kids
I'm the fucking tits, I hold no regard for no fucking myth, hey
I lived half my life to give half my cash to these half man imps
They got half a heart, they give half a fuck, they got half the guns
I got half an hour, I'll burn half a pound and I have to run
Killers of the earth get scared
You do not get one word
You do not live for the heard
Even you living's absurd, better off kicked to the curb
That is my word
Back in the Berenstein timeline zip, no wins for the kid oh shit I got curved
In the Berenstain riff, I'm a Biff, so sick when the clock is lit, the whip swerve
It's like nothin' not broke, can't stand the scope in the booth
I disrobe like pederast pope on a play-date
Better call may day, baby I'll spray, I'm an AK
They flayed and plated, I'm serving dead meat fame to table
Cain to Able, death's apprentice
Run the Jewels'll make last breaths Brexit

Bumaye
Bumaye
Bumaye
Bumaye

Word architect, when I arch the tech, I'll part ya' neck
Got bars on deck, that Xanax flow, make you nod your head
Like a gram of blow, you inject
My words infect like insects havin' incest, I'm in check, like pay day on a Thursday and it's Wednesday
I'm sensei, you bouquet, you menstruate
That's pussy all on your template, we skate, skate on 'em twenty-eight
Get pearl tongue like every day, so I run them jewels in every state
I kill a mic with Killer Mike, roll el's out a p with El-P
My self-esteem on king, got head so big no crown can't fit me
No bitch on my ding-a-ling when she ride on it she wet like a jet-ski
Please be alarmed, be warned
Please be alarmed, be warned
Give up that charm or get harmed
Watch, too or your time gone, and the rings or your life pawned and we gone

You made my eardrums bleed and I will pinch you
Say, "Dad, uncle El, stay gold"
Dad, uncle El, stay gold

I got a bad girl
I got a brain-with-an-ass girl
She got a mean bop, I got a lean to the way I walk
And they get it like gold
G-O-L-D G-O-L-D, it's gold
G-O-L-D G-O-L-D, that's...
I got a good thing with a bad bitch, that's rare bitch
She don't even like you hoes, she'll walk in the room take errr bitch
Gold
G-O-L-D G-O-L-D, it's gold
G-O-L-D G-O-L-D, that's gold

I got a bad girl
I got a brain-with-an-ass girl
She got a mean bop
I got a lean to the way I walk
And I get it like gold
All you fucking frauds can keep juggling lava rocks, I'm non-compliant
I'll define it, nothing servile, all defiance
You're gonna love how we ride to the gates on a lion, hi and smiling
Me and Mike, we just think alike and can't stop high-fiving
I'm not a running man, I'll do the wop on you hoes, then grab the dough
I hit a lick every time we park the bus, then it's time to go

I got a good thing with a bad bitch, that's rare bitch
She don't even like you hoes, she'll walk in the room take errr bitch
We fuss, we fight, we fuck like freaks what a fabulous marriage
You ain't lived you life 'til you've seen a bad bitch eat your wife like a savage
Not your average guys, we play cool but see through savage eyes
We're the crooks, we'll run the jux and kidnap mom from jazzercise
Get Stockholm syndrome when she get home, mom's like, "I like those fuckin' guys."
Thanks for the ransom handsome, let Mom know the guys loved her pumpkin pie

I got a bad girl
I got a brain-with-an-ass girl
She got a mean bop, I got a lean to the way I walk
And they get it like gold
G-O-L-D G-O-L-D, it's gold
G-O-L-D G-O-L-D, that's...
I got a good thing with a bad bitch, that's rare bitch
She don't even like you hoes, she'll walk in the room take errr bitch
Gold
G-O-L-D G-O-L-D, it's gold
G-O-L-D G-O-L-D, that's gold

Check it out
Gold is shiny, gold is fun
Some like taking gold with guns
A heart ain't gold if it don't like us
But go for the gold dumb fuck, good luck
A golden boy man good as gold
Golden rule is, "Don't lose your soul."
Piss on power
Golden shower
Golden rays of sun grow my dope

Look at my gold
Going for the gold 'fore a G get old
And his heart grow cold
I go-go-go for every year my career was slow
And seemed that it wouldn't go
And you should know we pitch these rhymes
Like Smoltz, like Glavine, like Maddox in ninety-five
And now we shine just like Eddie
Golden teeth from Greenbriar in ninety-nine

Can't be broke when you own gold rope
Pawn shops offering cash for those
Cash is fake though, gold accrues
I make my own gold, golden goose
Run down yellow brick roads toward riches
Just be sure to not trust no wizards
The golden age is now gone, admit it
All that's gold is not gold that glitters

Thirty-six inch Cuban as I'm movin' through Cuba
With a half a ki of gold on my neck (Shiiiit)
Call me Gaddafi and pay me in gold
'Cause your money ain't really worth shit
Just a piece of paper to promote propaganda
To keep you in debt and know your dick
I see these dope boys had shit right all along
Puttin' gold all in them they bitch

I got a bad girl
I got a brain-with-an-ass girl
She got a mean bop, I got a lean to the way I walk
And they get it like gold
G-O-L-D G-O-L-D, it's gold
G-O-L-D G-O-L-D, that's...
I got a good thing with a bad bitch, that's rare bitch
She don't even like you hoes, she'll walk in the room take errr bitch
Gold
G-O-L-D G-O-L-D, it's gold
G-O-L-D G-O-L-D, that's...
 Hello from a Little Shop of Horrors
Ski mask like a Phantom of the Opera
Go cold like the land of Chicago

Child soldiers sprayin' the chopper
But you don't give a fuck, that's them though
'Til a peasant put a pistol in your window
You ain't really need that chain
You ain't really need that ring
You ain't really need them thangs
Snow in the buff showed up
With the slums in the city blown up
Now the white folks showed up
Everything bought sold up
Niggas assed out, niggas po'd up
Politicians so corrupt, sold our black ass out
Really ain't color, my brother
Here in cabbage town they put they white-ass out
Truth been told, I'm out

He in here, me in here, we in here
Don't get captured
No cryin' here, just do your dirt and disappear
Don't get captured
Then lay it low, take it slow and reappear
Don't get captured
Return to us victorious, smoke pounds of kush
Don't get captured

Good day from the house of the haunted
Get a job, get a house, get a coffin
Don't stray from the path, remain where you at
That maximizes our profit
Is that blunt? Oh well, hell, so's this boot
We live to hear you say "please don't shoot"
A pure delight, c'mon, make my night
When I file reports what's right's what I write
Snuff films air all night 'till your last sane thought take flight
What a great sight, what a job, what a good life
The more we act wrong the more we are right
And who exactly gon' stop what we got?
We don't argue, we are not calm and impartial
Some call it work, but it's more like an art
We just paint the walls with your heart
And we better not catch you

He in here, me in here, we in here
Don't get captured
No cryin' here, just do your dirt and disappear
Don't get captured
Then lay it low, take it slow and reappear
Don't get captured
Return to us victorious, smoke pounds of kush
Don't get captured

Don't get captured
Don't get captured
Don't get captured
Don't get captured
Don't get captured
Don't get captured
You walk into this room at your own risk, because it leads to the future, not a future that will be but one that might be. This is not a new world, it is simply an extension of what began in the old one

(Conversing with a ghost, conversing with a ghost)

He just leaving and he screamin' Jesus
(He had the highest hopes, he had the highest hopes)
People yelling, screamin' at polices
(Riots tonight, riots tonight)
Burnin', lootin', shootin', takin', thievin'
(Fire and light, fire and light)
Fill the air and most don't know the reason
(Never knew his name, never knew his name)
But they know his problems and feel his pain
(Shit's still the same, shit's still the same)
We just prey off in they deadly game
(It'll never change, it'll never change)
Too much profit in it and it stay the same
(The facts still remain, the facts still remain)
You can burn the system and start again

(Spoke with a ghost)
Late night, same night, "God, let me sleep, please, I'm begging you"
(Said don't be afraid)
Daylight might never break right again once they get at you
(Said you'll never be alone again)
This house is haunted by pain transposed into revenue
(The murdered all stay)
That thing when your mind says "Run!" but your heart isn't letting you
(Said we got an army now)
You strike 'em down, still they live inside hearts, hearts carry them
(The weapon is our memory)
Some get to count sheep, some gotta count kids that they burying
(I don't wanna scare nobody)
Fears been law for so long that rage feels like therapy
(But I'm gonna make 'em remember me)
Nobody gets no more sleep till we teach them remembering

Thieves!
Thieves!

Coming live at five, we got new news breaking
You heard here first if you don't die waiting
Hard to review the scene I just seen
I'ma try to convey, but it defies explaining
Started with folks just crying
Nothing but broken heart sobs and the shriek of the sirens
Right at the spot where the blood's still drying
Then (My God) I saw it, the dead began rising
I don't know much about science
But I seen an army of armed men stop and get quiet
Mist hung low like a prayer from a tyrant
Sky became black like the stars aren't aligning
So many years of this violence
Now we're surrounded by the souls of the dead and defiant
Saying "Look what you've done, you designed it"
When the bough breaks, hear the wraith scream, "Riot!"

No more moms and dads crying
No more arms in the air
We put firearms in the air
Molotov cocktails thrown in the air
CNN got dummy Don on the air
Talking 'bout he smell that ganj in the air
Dummy don't know and dummy don't care
Get that punk motherfucker outta here
Aye, ghosts are walking
Ghosts are talking
Everything gon' be different, mane
Shh, karma's coming
Ain't no runnin'
Death gon' deal with the guilty, mane
The universe curses the killers, mane
Can't keep killin' God's children, mane
A pound of flesh is what you owe
Your debt is due, give up your ghost

Thieves!
Thieves!
Thieves!
What have you done?
What have you done?
What have you done?
What are you making us do?
Thieves!
It's on you
It's on you
Thieves!
It's on you
It's on you
It's on you
Thieves!

I think America must see that riots do not develop out of thin air. Certain conditions continue to exist in our society which must be condemned as vigorously as we condemn riots. But in the final analysis, a riot is the language of the unheard

Thieves!
How long before the hate that we hold
Lead us to another Holocaust?
Are we so deep in it that we can't end it?

Stop, hold, ever call it off
It's too clear, nuclear's too near
And the holders of the molotov
Say that "revolution's right here, right now"
And they ain't callin' off

Wake up, roll an eighth up
Throw a double finger with a fist
Here at the abyss
I will be your tour guide
It is war time, check your wrists (Ready, kids?)
Over to your right, shine a light
Got a bevy ready for the fight
I just wanna live, I don't wanna ever have to load a clip
Only hunt bliss
I am still a kid in my heart
But these motherfuckers sick
They don't give a shit, not at all
They don't even want to let you take a little piss in a pot
Listen along
They don't want your love, shit is bugged
Motherfuckers steady getting rich from the blood
Love when you beg
Trust, I would sooner put a puckered pair of lips to the sun
Love will survive
Run out under iridescent lights for our lives
I will be surprised if we ever got the feeling so alive as tonight
Wild for the night
Look into my eyes
I am standing at your side for the fight
Minds over might
Swear to God
They could barely even see the dog
They don't see the size of the fight

Wake up
Drink water
Smoke blunt
Clean, oil my Kaliashnikov
Stockpile ten for me and friends in case shit get to poppin' off
The evening news givin' yous views
Telling you to pick your master for president
Then behind the curtain, seen the devil workin'
Came back with some evidence
I'm here to tell you don't let em tell you what's right wrong
Make love, smoke kush, try to laugh hard, and live long
That's the antidote
You defeat the devil when you hold onto hope
'Cause kinfolk life is beautiful
And we ain't gotta die for them other men
And I refuse to kill another human being
In the name of a government
'Cause I don't study war no more
I don't hate the poor no more
Gettin' more ain't what's more
Only thing more is the love
So when you see me
Please greet me with a heart full
And a pound and a hug

Save my swollen heart
Bring me home from the dark
Take me up, take me up, take me up
Take me up, take me up, take me up

Up, up, up
Up, up
Up, up, up, up, up, up

Seen the devil give a sermon in the church
Seen an angel dancing in the club
Tryin' to feed a baby so I threw a thousand in the air
And blessed her with a hug
I done been down so many times
Walked on like a dirty rug
And now that I made it, can't fake it
Gotta give me what I'm truly worthy of
(Worthy, worthy, worthy, worthy, worthy)

And I don't how much it really means to be right
(Means to be right, means to be right)
And what a joy it'd be to see some peace in this life
(Peace in this life, peace in this life)
And it occurs to me that maybe we ain't even really seein' it right
Here in the dark
Hoping just to see a beam of the light
(Beam of the light, beam of the light)

Save my swollen heart
Bring me home from the dark
Take me up, take me up, take me up
Take me up, take me up, take me up
I'll flood the speakers with heat seakers
And keep sneakers cleaner than nunnery pussy evening of Easter
I'll leave my prints on her keester, I suck the clit and release it if it will please her

I'll kneel to her, best believe make a meal of her...
Thank you

(Yes, yes, brilliant)

Told the preacher I love her, he said that God was a lover
I said he really loves her then he would love that we're lovers
I walk around in a bubble, a fucking scoundrel in trouble
In every town, make a rumble, the venue ground into rubble
Give me a ten, and I'll double, I'll split your face like some aces
I got a fragrance I'm wearing called, "I will shit on you basics."
The money wants me to have it, I have a hunger for data
I'm crunching numbers and crack unbreakable safes while I'm at it
I'm doing more than just rapping you have to grant me that dap
When you around where I'm at just know that it is not where you at
I'm not on your map, I'm a mystery to you captains of industry
If the 'matic is missing me automatic, it's victory
Hey!

I'm the shit
Looking at the money like it's mine to get
I'm the shit bitch
Everybody down, throw the pistol and fist
I'm the shit
We looking at the money like it's ours to get
I'm the shit bitch
Everybody lies throw the pistol and fist

We the grimy and gritty, made it the Grammy committees
Got told that we spit it too vicious and would never see victory
And I refuse to play humble as though my dick itty bitty
I got banana dick, your bitch go apeshit if she hit it
Meanwhile, you're too nervous, pervis, that's why you never get service
And me, I caught the preacher's wife workin' 'fore Sunday service
I put my hand up her skirt and then we prayed for purpose
I baptized her in Jesus name, left her shakin' and squirtin'
Ooh, I shocked the Sunday school and did that shit there on purpose
See, I'm a pervert with purpose that make you question your purpose
Run the Jewels'll arrive at arenas, bunch of blood thirsty hyenas
To get revenge on the kingdoms that killed the dreams of the dreamers
Drank alcohol for the demons, sip lean with all of the schemers
You see he groove with the people, move with the mind of a genius
You see, he workin' the angles so he ain't never an angel
They wanna get you to hang him, well give them fuckers a finger

I'm the shit
Looking at the money like it's mine to get
I'm the shit bitch
Everybody down throw the pistol and fist
I'm the shit
We looking at the money like it's ours to get
I'm the shit bitch
Everybody lies throw the pistol and fist
I'm the shit

Welcome to fuckyoupalooze, we bruisin' any who movin'
Who wanna stan' for these douches, you raise a hand and you lose it
I hold the door for old ladies, run into fires and save babies
I went to school in the eighties, taking the train with the crazies
New York, New York is the mothership where I used to smoke dust and shit
Now, I'm crop dustin' fuckers, suck it up and you'll love the shit
No more games, I'm above the shit, butter me up for nothing
I'm taking all of your ducats 'cause I can call when you're bluffing

Who thought the son of Denise would be the leader of people?
When he was your house at Morehouse, slangin' pounds of the reefer
Sat with potential presidents and said the p should be as legal as reparations
For what this nation has done to my people
I'm a pervert, a poet, I ain't a saint, and I know it
Been a crook and cooked the books but never shorted no whores
Promoters comp me the Moet, I'm the man and I know it
I'm the shit, Bitch, tell me, how could I not show it?

I'm the shit
Looking at the money like it's mine to get
I'm the shit bitch
Everybody down throw the pistol and fist
I'm the shit
We looking at the money like it's ours to get
I'm the shit bitch
Everybody lies throw the pistol and fist
I'm the shit
Take it easy

Excusez-moi bitches

I'm lit from the last of the gas, Mike twisted
No sleep for the vicious, key up a cop car just to see mischief
I'm a nut punch wizard
Speed bag ya' ball bag leave none in it
We, we got one ambition
Re-up and puff til the month go missing

Big, big, big black fellow with a four-fifth in the back, backpack fella
I, I rumble don't stumble young fellow
Got a stinger in the '69 bumblebee yellow
I mean, I mean stunner, big titty bank teller had my wife here with her so a hater can't tell her
Presidential suite, got a fuck boy jealous
I'm the Nelson Mandela of Atlanta dope sellers

I, I'm a goddamn savage
Eat with no hands I don't even use napkins
Mark says number one bastard, show up in jorts with a hatchet laughing
Hey El, the AR's an option for any asshole wanna talk and pop shit
Quit playing pussy or the pistol will pop off
And get your whole face pushed back or knocked off

Take it easy partner
Ain't no chilling in the land of the villains
Ain't no chilling, ain't no chilling

They fucked up and paid us, made us dangerous
Too old to change, I'ma stay with paper
Poor folk love us the rich hate our faces
We talk too loud, won't remain in our places
Smoke by the acre, a brain escapist
Smoke anymore and my brain is vapor
I don't do meek anymore, guy, save it
The laughing is done now, time to cry later

Tell them haters and bitches we bang big shit, but yeah you should mind your business
You can't pause or shun this, physical fitness, bitch we run this
Paraplegics, you don't run shit, fuck you even, get the gumption
Think you stylin', think you stuntin'
I'll smack the fuck out ya' ass for frontin'
That seems a little aggressive

Oompa-loompas, I'll shoot a tune atcha medullas
I'm cool as a rule but I'll scalp a ruler
I'm new to this town, I'm a stranger passing
I see your bum crews, I don't get the hoopla
(The world got rules they say) That's a rumour
Benign, nah I'm lying it's a tumour
They ain't even tryna' buy that we cryin' goobye
We got dying to do, dude, the design's ruthless

One-two, one-two
I done read books by Sun-Tzu
Learned from beautiful women who rolled my joints too
The opposite of humble and my swag on kung-fu
No admission for the cool, I just kick it and come through
Hurry up we got liquor to run through
Bales to inhale, lies to not tell
She told me let her go and then I can exhale
I left her with a pound of dro and a Nextel

Take it easy, partner
Ain't no chilling in the land of the villains
Ain't no chilling, ain't no chilling
Gun in the holster be
Right in the upholstery
Somewhere right close to me

Just in case the rollers be
Rolling on the G
My woman keep it in the hosiery
I'm known in my town
In those strips where high-rollers be
I'm up early, where the money folders sippin' Folgers be
A country boy chilling in Brooklyn like Lefty spoke for me
Fuck with us
You fuck with the truth, we speak openly
Never a rat, like Donnie Brasco, though
Cause there ain't no hoe in me

"Notice me, senpai!" they cry when I choke their speak
I'll set this crooked city on fire to light the smokery
Old timers speak of us hushed and clutch their rosaries
I lust after greatness, I'm aiming right at its ovaries
Better run from the future palooka (Haul off)
You acting like it's safe when the revolution's been (called off)
There's liars on the loose, if we listen to you we're (all lost)
The takers of the jewels never singing a tune at (all soft)

My mama said that I'm not living right
She said, "I'm crying on you"
She said, "I waited up for you all night"
I said, "I'm trying mama"
My mama said that I'm not living right
She said, "I'm crying on you"
She said, "I waited up for you all night"
I said, "I'm trying mama"

I smoke the holy herb, get high as hell and meditate
Swear to God, shit's so good, fat boy'll levitate
God gift to man, how the fuck they try to legislate
Mom's, she recovering, tell me I over-medicate
I tell her, "Holy fuck, Jesus Christ, give me a fucking break"
She said, "Don't curse your mama, goddammit," and threw a dinner plate (damn)

I heard it in Brooklyn where all the sinners stay
You running out of ways to go fuck yourself, I will innovate
The skin of your shitty grin will disintegrate
Every sickening sentence'll cheapen the tricks you venerate
Set the phaser to face-plate-incinerate
Run the Jewels, run with the Borg, baby, assimilate

My mama said that I'm not living right
She said, "I'm crying on you"
She said, "I waited up for you all night"
I said, "I'm trying mama"
My mama said that I'm not living right
She said, "I'm crying on you"
She said, "I waited up for you all night"
I said, "I'm trying mama"
My mama said that I'm not living right
(They want us die, mama)
My mama said that I'm not living right
(But I ain't crying, mama)
My mama said that I'm not living right
(You raised a liar mama
Now you lying, mama)
My mama said that I'm not living right
I said, "I'm trying mama"
(I'm crying on you, crying on you)
Right for right, wrong for wrong
This is clearly not life's design
Figure out quickly that nothing gets answered

When you ask the universe why
Life is a journey, but living's the worry
To love is to lose your damn mind
But living's a blessing so I am not stressing
'Cause some of my friends ain't survived
That's the release, but in much bigger pieces, I'm living on limited time
Like how do you look in the eyes of a friend and not cry when you know that they're dying?
How do you feel 'bout yourself when you know that sometimes you had wished they were gone?
Not because you didn't love 'em but just because you felt too weak to be strong
You couldn't bear to see someone who prided themselves on the strength to feel weak
You prove to your randomness, hold it for ransom, that life will not fade in your dreams
You see that they're fighting and know that they're losing but still you make jokes and you laugh
'Cause you know despite all the sadness that you better get the good times while they last
Now every new word that they speak you were already feeling like it's in the bag
And when they all gone you just try to move on 'cause the memory's hurting too bad
Grown up so much and I wonder who you'd've become if you stuck for a while
Just know that I love you, good friend, ain't forget you, and when I remember I smile

And I guess I'd say I'll see you soon
But the truth is that I see you now
Still talk to you like you're around
And I guess I say you left too soon
But the truth is that you never left
'Cause I never let myself forget

An eye for an eye, the tooth for the tooth
Will leave us all mumbling and blind
So we stumble blind through depths of the dark
Looking for something divine
Life is a journey, to live is to suffer
And I have been suffering through mine
But living's a blessing so I ain't no stressing
'Cause some of my niggas ain't 'round
He got no drama but his baby mama is still on my line and she crying
I searched for the words to give her some comfort for her soul and spirit and mind
I tell her that it'll be fine
But deep down I know that I'm lying
The family came took rings and his chains
The bank took the house and the rights
The only thing left was his child, and she had a smile in his eyes
So much to the soul, when the grandmama kept her, she'd look at her sometimes and cry
The very next day she cried
And day after day she cried
Then called baby mama and told her "I'm sorry, can't keep her no more, I have tried"
No killer was captured, but I know he listening
So I'd like to tell you in song
The streets was a jungle, I pray that you made it, I hope that you righted your wrongs
I hope that you learn, I hope that you changed so your mama won't know this pain
So my homie's name will mean something more than a nigga got killed for a chain

And I guess I'd say I'll see you soon
But the truth is that I see you now
Still talk to you like you're around
And I guess I say you left too soon
But the truth is that you never left
'Cause I never let myself forget

I said, "I'm trying mama"